# What I'm trying to do here?

Hey! I'm writting this dev log along side the development of my shitty v0 clone application. I've noticed that I commanly use
LLMs to build out UIs when devleoping side projects. I've also noticed that I tend to favor using v0 because of how nicely
it generates React components. 

"What's the issue here?" you may be asking yourself. "If you like the existing tooling why build this?" Well the things is
I hate writting React in my off time. I'm not a React hater, I think it's actually a really nice way to build websites. Hell I
even kinda fuck with NextJS. I just want to explore new tech and try and build lame web apps in other stacks.

## Ok so what are we actually doing?

Okay so here's the plan. I am going to try and build a shitty clone of v0 to write me UI components
styled with DaisyUI and tailwind. The thing should output this in html as theres tons of coverters for
going from html to other shit.

Maybe I could just smith up a prompt to do this and just be on my merry but why not make this more complicated.
I am a programmer after all. So to pump the likelihood that I'll get frustrated and randomly stop development on
this at some point, I've decided to introduce many technologies that I've never used before. Will this insane amount
of new complexity blow up in my face? Who knows? 

## The tech stack

So new is the name of the game. I want to play with new toys and learn new shit. This is going to be heniously hype driven but ehh
what the heck. That beings said here's the stack

### Bun

I'm using Bun as the runtime (or Buntime lol) on this. I think this will let me stay at least kind of 
productive by staying in Typescript. Not cause Typescript is like inheritantly productive but it's the langauge I 
know the best and tbh if I tried this in another language I could never get it off the ground as well as learn.

### Sqlite / LibSQL

What can I say Sqlite is cool again. I do come from a webdev background so of course I gotta ride the trends here
so I'll actually be using LibSQL. They do natively support vectors thought so that will be nice when developing the 
RAG pipeline. 

### LangChain and LangGraph

I'm not sure if camelcase is the right way to spell these but whatever. It seems like these libraries are the 
way to interact with LLMs. LangGraph I think makes sense to me and feels like a nice way to build more complex workflows 
with these things. 

## Let's do it

Okay. I'm going to write the code now. Maybe. Who knows.