# Progress continues

I have continued to work on this. We have reach what I am calling Stage 0 (I know VERY original). 

So what does Stage 0 mean for the project. Well we have the databse schema created and intergrated using
LibSQL locally. The Graph is also in its most rough state. The application is generating html and saving them
to an output file. I'm able to edit these after they are created and see them get setup in real time in live server.

Some would call this solution already heniously overengineered but I say we're not even close yet. So what's next?

## Overengineering 

So what can we do to make this more useful? Well I don't want to have to edit these generated html files by hand.
I want to be add a "Human-in-the-loop" component of the graph that will allow me to request edits to the files. 

For now I'm okay with this feedback loop existing in the CLI and just checking the output via live server.

Once I get my feedback loop in I'll see what I can do about getting this thing into a proper application with 
stuff like a UI. I'm thinkin' about using HTMX for the interactions on the UI, using Hono or Elysia as the web sever
and maybe playing with the page transition API. It would also be cool if users could define their own prompts but baby
steps here.

## What will I tackle next?

I think I'm enjoying exploring the LLM related tech right now so I'm going to add the human in the loop component first.
Hopefully my next dev log will be me detailing my success in that but TBH it's equally likely that I'll do something easier first.
